Allows the default service account to be used via google's adc (#31)
KohlsTechnology/prometheus_bigquery_remote_storage_adapter: README.md

  --googleAPItableID=metrics_stream
```

> ## Running directly google ADC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running directly Google ADC

Reference: Google Application Default Credentials ([ADC](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#automatically))
```

$ GITHUB_TOKEN=xxx make clean release
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Testing

```

> ## Identify the service account from the google API json key file
> ### Use the --googleAPIjsonkeypath argument to indicate the keyfile path (note: the --googleProjectID Id will be extracted from the specified file )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Credentials via Google API json key file

Use the `--googleAPIjsonkeypath` argument to indicate the keyfile path (note: the GCP Project ID will be automatically extracted from the specified file).

```

```
go test -v -cover ./... -args \
  --googleAPIjsonkeypath=XXX \
  --googleAPIdatasetID=XXX \
  --googleAPItableID=XXX \
```

> 
> 
> ## Identify the service account from env var GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS via Google Application Default Credentials ([ADC](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#automatically))
> ### Use the --googleProjectID argument to indicate GCP ProjectId and let ADC identify the service account from the GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS env var

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Credentials via `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS`

Use the `--googleProjectID` argument to indicate the GCP Project ID and let _Google Application Default Credentials_ ([ADC](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#automatically)) identify the service account from the `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment variable.

```

```
GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=../../private.key.json \
go test -v -cover ./... -args \
  --googleProjectID=XXX \
  --googleAPIdatasetID=XXX \
  --googleAPItableID=XXX \
```

> ## Identify the service account via Google Application Default Credentials ([ADC](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#automatically))
> ### Use the --googleProjectID argument to indicate GCP ProjectId and let ADC identify the default service account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Credentials via default service account

Identify the service account via Google Application Default Credentials ([ADC](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#automatically)).

Use the `--googleProjectID` argument to indicate GCP Project ID and let ADC identify the default service account. This will only work if you're running on Google's infrastructure (GCP VMs, GKE, etc.).

```
